   Dare:do your best impression of a celebrity.
   Dare: sing the lines of your favorite song.
   Dare: let someone tickle you for 30 seconds.
   Dare: do 20 jumping jacks.
   Dare: wear socks on your hands for the next 30 seconds.
   Dare: call a friend and sing "Happy Birthday" to them.
   Dare: post an embarrassing photo of yourself on social media.
   Dare: let someone write a word on your forehead with a pen.
   Dare: eat a piece of clothes.
   Dare: dance with no music for 1 minute.
   Dare: wear a funny hat for the next 3 rounds.
   Dare: try to juggle 3 items for 30 seconds.
   Dare: let someone draw on your face with a pen.
   Dare: let someone give you a new hairstyle.
   Dare: speak in an accent for the next 2 minutes.
   Dare: let someone post a silly status update on your social media.
   Dare: try to touch your toes for 1 minute.
   Dare: do your best chicken dance outside on your place.
   Dare: iritate a family member for 1 minute.
   Dare: let someone pick a random song and dance to it.
   Dare: drink a glass of water like Dog.
   Dare: let someone give you a temporary tattoo using a marker.
   Dare: recite the alphabet backwards.
   Dare: let someone draw a funny picture on your face with a pen.
   Dare: try to balance a book on your head for 1 minute.
   Dare: do your best impression of a baby crying.
Dare: let someone give you a makeover.
Dare: eat a spoonful of a spicy condiment.
Dare: Close your One Eyes for the next 2 round.
Dare: let someone draw a funny mustache on you with a pen.
Dare: speak in a high-pitched voice for the next 2 minutes.
Dare: let someone give you a piggyback ride around the room.
Dare: act like an animal of someone’s choosing for 1 minute.
Dare: let someone take a funny photo of you.
Dare: wear a pair of underwear over your pants for the next 2 rounds.
Dare: let someone draw a funny face on your hand and keep it there for 1 hour.
Dare: dance with anyone  like it’s your partner.
Dare: try and lick your elbow.
Dare: eat a piece of fruit or vegetable without washing it.
Dare: let someone give you a Hug.
Dare: wear socks on your hands for the next 5 minutes.
Dare: let someone write a funny word on your forehead with a marker.
Dare: sing everything you say for the next 2 minutes.
Dare: let someone give you a new hairstyle with hair gel.
Dare: wear a funny pair of glasses for next 2 rounds.
Dare: eat a spoonful of a condiment of someone’s choice.
Dare: let someone draw a mustache on your face.
Dare: speak in rhymes for the next 10 minutes.
Dare: try to juggle 3 items for 1 minute.
Dare: perform a dramatic reading of the last text message you received.
Dare: take a silly selfie and set it as your profile picture for the next hour.
Dare: post an old, status update on your social media for 10 mins.
Dare: try to do a handstand for 10 seconds.
Dare: do your best impression of a famous movie scene.
Dare: hold your breath for 10 seconds.
Dare: recite a tongue twister five times in a row.
Dare: let someone write a funny sentence on your forehead.
Dare: walk around the room with a book on your head for 1 minutes.
Dare: make up and perform a short rap about something silly.
Dare: take a big bite of a raw onion.
Dare: try to touch your toes while standing up.
Dare: drink a glass of a weird combination of beverages (e.g., milk and orange juice).
Dare: act out a scene from your favorite movie as dramatically as possible.
Dare: do the moonwalk dance for 1 minute.
Dare: recite a nursery rhyme in an operatic voice.
Dare: eat a raw clove of garlic.
Dare: make a funny face and hold it for 1 minute.
Dare: imitate your favorite cartoon character for 2 minutes.
Dare: let someone choose an item from the kitchen and eat it.
Dare: perform a random act of kindness for someone in the room.
Dare: make up a funny story about a random object in the room.
Dare: let someone give you a funny nickname and use it for the rest of the game.
Dare: pretend you’re a runway model and do a fashion show walk.
Dare: Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Dare: Pour a glass of ice water on your head.
Dare: Bite down on both of your pinky fingers for fifteen seconds.
Dare: Lick your big toe.
Dare: Take a deep breath of the socks you are wearing right now.
Dare: Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Dare: Do 10 sit ups.
Dare: Show the other players the five most recent photos in your camera roll.
Dare: Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
Dare: Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Dare: Put on makeup without looking in a mirror.
Dare: Lick the elbow of the person beside you
Dare: Dance to your favorite song, in its entirety, in your driveway.
Dare: Close your eyes and have another player place your finger on a part of their body, then guess what part you are touching.
Dare: Lick your own armpit.
Dare: Do jumping jacks for 2 minutes.
Dare: Give the person to your left a foot rub.
Dare: Allow the Next players to send one text to your collage group.
Dare: Passionately makeup with the palm of your hand.
Dare: Take off your socks using only your teeth.
Dare: Eat a small portion of toothpaste.
Dare: Try to sing a song with a mouthful of water.
Dare: Speak Go commando for 10 Times.