Truth:Have you ever trolled users on Facebook or Reddit?
Truth:Who in this room has the worst fashion sense?
Truth:What’s your biggest fear?
Truth:When was the last time you got really angry at someone?
Truth:Have you ever hated one of your best friends?
Truth:What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
Truth:Have you ever committed arson?
Truth:What’s your most unpopular opinion?
Truth:Do you have a favorite child or sibling?
Truth:If you wrote an autobiography, what would it be called?
Truth:What’s your go-to pick up line?
Truth:When was the last time you lied to someone?
Truth:What’s the strangest rabbit hole you’ve fallen down while browsing the Internet?
Truth:When was the last time you cried?
Truth:Who do you have a crush on right now?
Truth:Have you ever wanted to “break up” with a friend?
Truth:What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Truth:What’s a secret that someone has told you to never tell anyone?
Truth:Have you ever broken the law?
Truth:What is the latest you’ve been to a date or interview?
Truth:What’s your top dating dealbreaker?
Truth:Are you ashamed to admit any of your dating deal breakers?
Truth:Who’s the oldest person you’re willing to date?
Truth:Are you seeing a therapist?
Truth:What’s your least favorite word in the English language?
Truth:What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told?
Truth:Have you ever had a crush on a friend but “got over it?”
Truth:When was the last time you told a lie?
Truth:What is a well-known fact that always confuses you?
Truth:Is there something you are relieved your parents don’t know about you?
Truth:Do you wish you had a nickname (or a different nickname?)
Truth:What’s the meanest thing you’ve said to your parents?
Truth:Who was your celebrity crush?
Truth:When was the last time you told a harmless lie?
Truth:Have you ever farted on a plane?
Truth:When was the last time you peed in public?
Truth:Who was your first crush?
Truth:Do you have a favorite swear word? If so, what is it?
Truth:What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Truth:Have you ever eaten leftover food at a restaurant?
Truth:Who do you think is more attractive: my sibling or my parent?
Truth:Did you ever have a crush on a family member?
Truth:If someone is wearing a terrible outfit or their hair looks bad, will you tell them or compliment them just to make them feel better?
Truth:What’s the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
Truth:When was the last time you had food poisoning?
Truth:Do you pee in the shower?
Truth:What kids’ movie makes you cry every time you watch it?
Truth:Where can people find the most embarrassing photo of you?
Truth:Do you think you should have been born in another decade?
Truth:Have you ever ripped your pants?
Truth:What love song reminds you of your ex?
Truth:What gross food combination do you secretly love?
Truth:How often do you go commando?
Truth:Have you ever taken your shoes off on a plane?
Truth:Have you ever written a love poem to someone?
Truth:Is there a law you think should be legal?
Truth:Do you think you’ll ever make peace with the biggest regret you have in life?
Truth:What is holding you back from having your dream life?
Truth:Do you believe in soulmates or twin flames?
Truth:What’s the closest you’ve ever been to dying?
Truth:What is your biggest regret in life?
Truth:Did you endure the worst pain of your life from a physical or emotional wound?
Truth:What is one thing that you wish you could change about yourself?
Truth:What’s one thing you wish you didn’t have to change about yourself?
Truth:Are you worried that there are some things about you that you cannot fix?
Truth:What is something you know about a loved one that they don’t think you know?
Truth:Do you think your parents know the “real” you?
Truth:What’s one you won’t do, even for a million dollars?
Truth:Do you regret any of the bridges you’ve burned?
Truth:If you were to die today, what’s one thing you would regret not saying or not doing?
Truth:Are you worried that you are not making this world a better place?
Truth:Do you think that people are inherently good or inherently evil?
Truth:What is your biggest insecurity?
Truth:Do you worry that you will be forgotten after you die?
Truth:What is your biggest doubt about the universe and the world?
Truth:Are you on dating apps or websites?
Truth:What’s your favorite “bad” TV show?
Truth:Do you re-gift presents that you don’t like?
Truth:What’s your go-to pick-up line on dating apps?
Truth:If you got married tomorrow, is there anyone from your friends that you wouldn’t invite?
Truth:What’s the weirdest gift you’ve ever given or received?
Truth:Who did you vote for in the last election?
Truth:What is one of your guilty pleasures?
Truth:Have you ever lied on your resume?
Truth:Do you think it’s okay to lie on a resume?
Truth:Are you attracted to anyone in our hallway (or classes)?
Truth:Have you ever lied to someone to impress them?
Truth:What was your first impression of me as a roommate?
Truth:Who’s your favorite professor?
Truth:Do you have any tattoos that you regret getting?
Truth:What is one thing you want to change about yourself in college?
Truth:Why did your last relationship end?
Truth:What’s your “type?”
Truth:Who is the cringiest social media influencer that you secretly love?
Truth:Have you lost your virginity? If not, do you want to?
Truth:Are you glad to be away from some of your high school friends?
Truth:Was this college your first choice?
Truth: What's the last lie you told?
Truth: What was the most embarrassing thing you've ever done on a date?
Truth: Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?
Truth:Name someone you've pretended to like but actually couldn't stand.
Truth: What's your most bizarre nickname?
Truth: What's been your most physically painful experience?
Truth: What's the craziest thing you've done on public transportation?
Truth: If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
Truth: What's the meanest thing you've ever said to someone else?
Truth: Who was your worst kiss ever?
Truth: What's one thing you'd do if you knew there were no consequences?
Truth: What's the craziest thing you've done in front of a mirror?
Truth: What's something you love to do with your friends that you'd never do in front of your partner?
Truth: Who are you most jealous of?
Truth: What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Truth: Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?
Truth: Who's the oldest person you've dated?
Truth: How many selfies do you take a day?
Truth: How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
Truth: Would you date your high school crush today?
Truth: Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones?
Truth: What's one movie you're embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
Truth:When was the last time you apologized? What for?
Truth: Have you ever had a big crush on someone who is much older or younger than you?
Truth: Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?
Truth: Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
Truth: Have you ever cheated on a partner?
Truth: Have you ever peed in a pool?
Truth: What's the weirdest place you've ever grown hair?
Truth: If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
Truth: What's the cheapest gift you've ever gotten for someone else?
Truth: What app do you waste the most time on?
Truth: Have you ever been nude in public?
Truth: How many gossip blogs do you read a day?
Truth: What is the youngest age partner you'd date?
Truth: If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
Truth: What's your most embarrassing late-night purchase?
Truth: What's the longest you've gone without showering?
Truth: Have you ever used a fake ID?
Truth: Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
Truth: What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Truth: What's the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?
Truth: Have you ever seen a dead body?
Truth: What celebrity do you think is overrated?
Truth: What's the longest you've gone without brushing your teeth?
Truth: What's your biggest regret in life?
Truth: Who would you hate to see naked?
Truth: Would you break up with your partner for $1 million?
Truth: Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
Truth: What's the smallest tip you've ever left at a restaurant?
Truth: Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner's attention?
Truth: What's one job you could never do?
Truth: Have you ever ghosted a friend?
Truth: Have you ever ghosted a partner?
Truth: If you switched genders for a day, what would you do?
Truth: How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?
Truth: When was the last time you got dumped?
Truth: What's the most childish thing you still do?
Truth: When was the last time you dumped someone?
Truth: If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show, who would it be and why?
Truth: Would you date someone shorter than you?
Truth: Have you ever lied for a friend?
Truth: Name one thing you'd change about every person in this room.
Truth: When was the last time you made someone else cry?
Truth: What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of a crowd?
Truth: If you could become invisible, what's the worst thing you'd do?
Truth: After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the floor before eating it?
Truth: What's one thing in your life you wish you could change?
Truth: If you could date two people at once, would you do it? If so, who?
Truth: What was the greatest day of your life?
Truth: What's one useless skill you'd love to learn anyway?
Truth: If I went through your cabinets, what's the weirdest thing I'd find?
Truth: How many people have you kissed?
Truth: Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
Truth: Who in this room would you list as your emergency contact?
Truth:Who do you want to make out with the most?
Truth:If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Truth:Of the people in this room, who would you go out with?
Truth:Describe the most attractive thing about each person in this room.
Truth:Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Truth:Who has the best smile?
Truth:Who has the cutest nose?
Truth:How about the prettiest eyes?
Truth:Who's the funniest in this room?
Truth:If you could save one person’s life but had to sacrifice your own happiness forever, who would you save and why?
Truth:If you could have dinner with any one person from history but had to ask them one question, who would you choose and what would you ask?
Truth:If you could switch places with a celebrity for a month, who would it be and what would you do during that time?
Truth:If you had to live in a completely different country for the rest of your life, where would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could become an expert in any field instantly, what would it be and how would you use that knowledge?
Truth:If you could have any animal as a pet, regardless of practicality, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could change one law in your country, what would it be and how would it impact society?
Truth:If you could witness any historical event first-hand, what would it be and what do you think it would reveal?
Truth:If you could be a character in any book or movie, who would you be and what role would you play?
Truth:If you could eliminate one global issue, which would you choose and what do you think the world would be like without it?
Truth:If you could live forever but had to spend each day alone, would you choose to do it and why or why not?
Truth:If you could time travel to any point in your own life, where would you go and what advice would you give yourself?
Truth:If you had to give up one of your five senses for a year, which one would you choose and how would it affect your life?
Truth:If you could only eat one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
Truth:If you could speak any language fluently, which one would you choose and how would it change your life?
Truth:If you could instantly learn any musical instrument, which would you choose and what piece would you play first?
Truth:If you had to choose between being a famous movie star or a renowned scientist, which would you prefer and why?
Truth:If you could master one skill or talent, what would it be and how would you use it to benefit others?
Truth:If you could erase one event from history, which would it be and how do you think it would alter the present?
Truth:If you could have a conversation with any fictional character, who would it be and what would you discuss?
Truth:If you could make one change to your past, what would it be and how do you think it would affect your present?
Truth:If you could design your ideal home anywhere in the world, where would it be and what unique features would it have?
Truth:If you could receive one piece of advice from a future version of yourself, what would you want to know?
Truth:If you had to choose between living in extreme cold or extreme heat for the rest of your life, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could have any job in the world, what would it be and how would it fulfill your passions?
Truth:If you could undo one major mistake in your life, what would it be and how do you think it would change your path?
Truth:If you could spend a day with any fictional hero or villain, who would it be and what would you do together?
Truth:If you could instantly become an expert in any sport, which one would you choose and why?
Truth:If you had to live in a different time period, which would you choose and what would you want to experience?
Truth:If you could have any one person in your life for guidance and mentorship, who would it be and why?
Truth:If you could possess one object from a movie or book, what would it be and how would you use it?
Truth:If you could have a conversation with your future self, what question would you ask and what do you hope the answer would be?
Truth:If you could experience one day in the life of a historical figure, who would it be and what would you hope to learn?
Truth:If you could solve one major world problem with a single action, what would you choose and how would you implement it?
Truth:If you could be the protagonist in a novel, what kind of story would you want to be part of and what role would you play?
Truth:If you could travel to one planet in our solar system, which one would it be and what would you hope to discover?
Truth:If you could change one aspect of your personality, what would it be and how do you think it would impact your life?
Truth:If you could have a personal robot that could only perform one task, what task would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could be part of any historical event, which would you choose and what role would you play?
Truth:If you could make one wish that would affect the entire world, what would it be and why?
Truth:If you could be a master of one craft or art form, what would it be and how would you use it to express yourself?
Truth:If you had to choose between living without technology or living without nature, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could have any fictional device or gadget, what would it be and how would it change your daily life?
Truth:If you could meet any character from mythology or folklore, who would it be and what would you ask them?
Truth:If you could choose any historical figure to be your mentor, who would it be and what would you want to learn from them?
Truth:If you could change one aspect of the education system, what would it be and how would it improve learning?
Truth:If you could live in any era of art or music, which would you choose and what influence would it have on you?
Truth:If you could instantly become fluent in any ancient language, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you had to choose between being incredibly wealthy but lonely or moderately well-off but surrounded by loved ones, which would you choose?
Truth:If you could spend a year living in any other country, where would it be and what would you hope to experience?
Truth:If you could have a lifetime supply of any one thing, what would it be and why?
Truth:If you could instantly achieve a personal goal, what would it be and how would it change your life?
Truth:If you could redesign the city you live in, what would you change and what new features would you add?
Truth:If you could relive any single day in your life, which day would it be and why?
Truth:If you could be any fictional villain, who would you be and what would you do with your power?
Truth:If you could choose any job in the world but had to work in a remote location, what job would you choose and where?
Truth:If you could instantly learn any one skill that is not a traditional academic subject, what would it be and why?
Truth:If you could witness the creation of any famous artwork or invention, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could spend an afternoon with any living person, who would it be and what would you do together?
Truth:If you could instantly master any sport, which would you choose and what achievement would you strive for?
Truth:If you could make one rule that everyone in the world had to follow, what would it be and how would it improve society?
Truth:If you could spend a day in the life of any historical figure, who would it be and what would you hope to learn?
Truth:If you could have one question answered about the future, what would it be and why?
Truth:If you could change one thing about your past, what would it be and how do you think it would alter your future?
Truth:If you could have any one item from a famous movie or book, what would it be and how would you use it?
Truth:If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go and what would you want to see or do?
Truth:If you could only read books from one genre for the rest of your life, which genre would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could have a conversation with any fictional character, who would it be and what would you discuss?
Truth:If you could live in any time period for a year, which would it be and what would you hope to experience?
Truth:If you could be any type of animal, what would you be and why?
Truth:If you had to choose between being famous but unhappy or unknown but content, which would you choose and why?
Truth:If you could create a new holiday, what would it celebrate and how would people observe it?
Truth:If you could instantly master any craft or hobby, what would it be and how would you use your new skill?
Truth:Who do you think is the worst-dressed person in this room?
Truth:What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Truth:Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Truth:Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Truth:Who is the sexiest person in this room?
Truth:How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Truth:What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Truth:Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Truth:Who is your secret crush?”
Truth:Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Truth:If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
Truth:What was the last thing you texted?
Truth:What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Truth:Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?